and sir they
are nonsense
as I always say well there are some
quarrels that neither one is that good nor
the other is that bad neither one nor the other
are that I think that the best
different visions of one person and another but but yes
yes a macho
and peter and to vegetate I love you nothing if you
avoid misfortune because it has been of being
the corpses have been these days a
big hug to everyone at your great height to
everyone everything that I truly wish today
they were going to eat me this month
[Music]
well and vice has been talking about the subject
of the clash but you know
hello javi my friend napurí birthday today I
wanted to see if you could send a greeting
to him and to our friends the psv thanks
smiley face it's that I don't trust it is that I do
n't trust it I thank you
for seeing them congratulations to your friends
but he
's messing with old people he
's expending himself with an old man who
understands these troll fairies
okay you're abusing my trust
well if you have the statement from the chocas
where he
apologized or whatever or if  do
you have any excerpt with the best
moments whatever send it to me and okay
if it exists I'm going to see right now
what vegetal said from
minute 15 or so they tell me here
because apparently vegetal has
spoken out on the subject apart from the
tweet that he posted which I'm going to
put it again in this excerpt in case
there's someone who arrives who hasn't seen
the previous events okay
vegeta posted a tweet
saying that you're watching this with
popcorn so here we send you a
hug that you're watching this with
popcorn let's not see what he
said it's in his live tell me
almost or around minute 15 more well
here he called you estiaje it's clear
that when you select how you want to be
called you can say that they
call you la bestia in this case he
built it with will and grace which is
false because of ibai's evening stop
looking for ways to hate gref
every time well it's the
will and grace thing it's false because of
ibai's evening instead of
esteban or not
and he adds it was will and the one he has
told will and he has made it very
clear in the chiles and we have them there
william said that last year and only
of the evening but now in the
last weeks he did them again recently
sorry friend more girl farts but
thanks for your five for you it was
leaked in stream he is telling me what
happens that maybe we were that was
the best in streaming and he
was connected to
his account with which he answered people it
could
also be I have to I have his reasons I
mean look he has a worked with the
clash
sometimes I consider that at least
a little of the politically correct
but don't be bad kid what happens is that
he maybe the problem of thanks that he
also has that image that many
times they take fragments of the entity they are very
beastly it
leads us to a fragment of that they are very
beastly which is what he demonstrated in that
account that those things yes yes yes yes you
think that he shields himself with a character and
that already that story the story of the
character we have already seen
the story of characters we have
already seen with wind michu and already the truth is that the
character issue is even embarrassing
calling it the character theme
and that's also what has made me
so well known so it's a bit like a
role that he also has to assume I
say and he has assumed that many times
who he is and many times he says the things he
says because he thinks them or because it
's also the role or what is expected
of him imagine is a cage he thinks it I think he
thinks it because if not I wouldn't
put that in those accounts also in
that account they are letting go they are
developing they are being the same you
of me
usually you are going to expect that they don't say
any swear words then at the
usual moment that someone answers in a
slightly more
dressed way let's say and if he doesn't do it in
our fast then maybe that's why
sometimes he answers that way when there is
no real need for him to
do it
personally I don't think that his
name is the boy what happens is that they
take
the witnesses let's go this agent gets up
what happens that he works together we are
400 subscribers on the main channel
hub and oliveira from reaching 424 thousand
subscribers
is there someone here
in the 5,000 people who are here there is
here  someone who is not subscribed to
wise pound
okay in case someone doesn't know that
new ones are arriving writing
a lot of new people are following me
javi oliveira on my main channel okay
javi oliveira on my main channel and
yesterday I uploaded this great video with
all the history time everything absolutely
reader and time of the controversial life and the
controversial relationship of willy and greve
with this beta and so on okay
main channel hub and oliveira
all of you who come from here
know the comments
the
truth is
that maybe many of the comments that
come to him based on the comments that he
makes he sometimes feels he has the power to
answer but he doesn't because with his
original point because the
way he is he scares me maybe
to do what is happening
[Music]
this year because it is exactly what [
Music] he
says that is why I
find it curious that precisely
clear but when he talks about things about
your mother I don't know what your mother I don't know how much
he goes through thank you very much king and a
huge hug when he messes with his
mother and I don't know what I don't know how much he stays
in character
and when we have criticized him es  that the
roll I don't know I don't know how much
sense it had a lot of account there was
nor does it unsubscribe from the
channels I don't know why I already know that it removes
the subscription if it is look every time I say it
every time I say it
check the subscription they go up like 200
300 subscribers I don't know what happens with
youtube but it removes your subscription so
everyone please
check them I know I'm very heavy but on
my main channel is the one I've been
working on for many years okay
check it main channel hub and oliveira
subscribe okay
also in a while there's a
very powerful video coming when I finish the
live when I finish there's
a very powerful video coming today because
we caught colliding with a multi
account dedicated to me
and it's very strong the things that I do the most
there
put on the
most politically correct like
me such that take into account I would see it
in a certain way logical but it's precisely
that he always says what he thinks it seems to me he does
n't always say what he thinks sometimes he
lacks information I think because he doesn't
always say what he thinks there
are thousands of funny my
characters
ingrid thank you very much
a huge hug hey  when today
we have not reached 284 subscribers today I do not
know how many we were before this live
then I will put it but thanks to all of you
who are leaving the 'prime' here
for the reason is that you will have we do not know
exactly what
because it has always happened on the side that we do
not know take take take take we do not
know the personal point of each
person we dedicate it to say we are not
in the life of each person to judge
because if they do some things or others
and I already told you that I do not know
each one has their reasons why to do it
okay
each one has their reasons look we
send each other extras you all the clashes so we
can see something
each one has their reasons he
could have done it for various reasons he could have done it because he does not want to do it from his main account for several obviously main reasons but the reason may be because either he does not want hate to fall on him with the repercussions it has here in
attack or whoever responds
or because he does not want to stain his
name and it smells to me like it is because he does
not want to stain his name because if he
did it so that it does not reach him so much in
the account to which he is going to respond,
well  would not pretend to be a woman and would not
say hyde if he crashes if he does not commit
the support to himself it is not that
women have not been
caught and that's it the anp and already with
the cart
then I speak I speak of a means of
knowledge the same is
a person I think he is a good
person but maybe he is not
and this turned his back
okay we enter
and plug Manuel welcome to the family
mente we are Manuel thank you very much
welcome to the family right for
example if you compare me with his case to me
as if the crash has an account just
for you to insult you exactly Rocío
Rodríguez
exact Rocío Rodríguez for I need
chocolate thank you very much for the prime
exactly Rocío in a while you will have
the video on the main channel it is
amazing there we threw ourselves on the floor
when we discovered it it is amazing
really do not miss the video on the main channel
the night of the day in a way not
because I love games but when it comes to
saying things but also I
think that is the charm that it has because of what
he has also grown what happens is that it
is at the same time  It can also
harm them on the web in many cases
because it continues to be quite
controversial and today and there are
many things that I think they will maybe
realize in the future that they
should control not because of what they say
now only because of what may come out
later that you know that society
basically see what they think summarized
okay apart from our vegetable father what I
think is that you have to not care, I
mean if there is someone who crosses
the limits use super 8 like what happened
to me with the guy that of publishing and
direction everywhere
rookie and welcome to the family pesos
of enormous king
to take legal action and you think it
has a path and that it will have weight you
have to be 100% sure that those
measures those legal measures are going to
reach where they have to reach but
[Music]
but basically you have to not care
goddess if you are the choca you are earning
what you earn arriving to arrived
that will give what you say whoever it is to
see people will always insult you
Javier Chocas sends the channels that
criticize him for saying GM like everyone who
sends him  People eat from their multi-
accounts, let me eat it, it's very false
time,
simply that, I no longer even enter
channels like when channels of 1,3000 come out
to despise the
numbers but simply the opposite, if
you're going to respond, it matters,
I'm happy, I have what I want, I have
the life I want, do you
understand, Jota Roble, thank you very much,
welcome to the family everyone
[Music]